{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang3081\deflangfe3081{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.3.9600}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\f0\fs20\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\qc\ul\b\fs24 FALLOUT2 HIGH RESOLUTION PATCH README Ver 4.1.8\par
\ulnone\b0\fs20 ****************************************************************************************\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\qr 08 March 2014\par

\pard\nowidctlpar Created by "Mash" Matt Wells\par
\i mashw@bigpond.net.au\par
\i0\par
Links to the latest version can be found here:\par

\pard No Mutants Allowed Forum {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.nma-fallout.com/forum/viewtopic.php?t=42386 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.nma-fallout.com/forum/viewtopic.php?t=42386\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
Vault Tec Labs Wikia {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://falloutmods.wikia.com/wiki/Fallout2_High_Resolution_Patch }}{\fldrslt{http://falloutmods.wikia.com/wiki/Fallout2_High_Resolution_Patch\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
\par
You can also report or view the current bug list here:\par
High Resolution Patch bugs {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://falloutmods.wikia.com/wiki/High_Resolution_Patch_bugs }}{\fldrslt{http://falloutmods.wikia.com/wiki/High_Resolution_Patch_bugs\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\i\fs24 About\par
\par
\ulnone\b0\i0\fs20 This program modifies "fallout2.exe" in memory for the purposes of increasing the visual resolution, playing in a window and other enhancements.\par
\par
It was compiled with "Microsoft Visual C++ Toolkit 2003" using the DirectX Oct 2006 SDK . It should work well on Windows 98 and above. And was tested using "Windows 98se", "Windows 2000 sp4", "Windows XP sp3" and "Windows 8 Pro 64bit".\par
Using this patch may require the installation of the DirectX9 redistributable package. Just download the latest version from Microsoft. This goes for Windows Vista and above users as well, as these OS's don't come with the complete DirectX9 package.\par
\par
Currently Supported versions of the "Fallout2.exe" are:\par
US 1.02d\par
UK 1.02e\par
French 1.02d\par
German 1.02d\par
Chinese 1.02?\par
Russian 'Lev Corp'\par
\par
Russian Fargus and 1C versions seem to also be compatible as the EXE's used appear to be modified from the US 1.02d version.\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\i\fs24 For Mod Makers\ulnone\b0\i0\fs20\par
\par
Please feel free to include the Hi-res Patch in your Mod, no permission is required. Replace or modify any of the included art or settings to your liking. I only ask that you don't sell it or pass it off as your own. Keeping this ReadMe intact and maybe a mention in your own documentation would also be nice :).\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\i\fs24 Table Of Contents\par
\ulnone\b0\i0\fs20\par
\fs24 1\fs20 . \fs24 Fallout2 High Resolution Patch Contents\par
2. Un-installation of previous versions of this patch\par
3\fs20 . \fs24 Installation\par
4. Known Issues\fs20\par
\fs24 5. Troubleshooting\fs20\par
\fs24 6\fs20 . \fs24 Main Config file "f2_res.ini"\fs20\par
\fs24 7\fs20 . \fs24 Map Edges\par
8. Custom Art\par
9. Thanks\par
10. Contributors\fs20\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\i\fs24 1.Fallout2 High Resolution Patch Contents\par
\ulnone\b0\i0\fs20\par
"Fallout2_High_Resolution_Patch_v4.1.8.exe" self extractor contents\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1985\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9468 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\cf2 f2_res_Config.exe\cell GUI for setting up the hi-res patch.\cf0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1985\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9468 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\cf2 f2_res.dll\cell 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\tx431\tx1584 Modifies "fallout2.exe" for higher resolutions.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1985\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9468 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar f2_res.ini\cell Configuration file for the Hi-res Patch.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1985\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9468 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar f2_res.dat\cell Fallout2 data file containing Hi-res Patch art and map edge data for all original Fallout2 maps.\cell\row 
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf0\par
\cf2\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1985\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9468 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar f2_res_README.rtf\cell This Read Me\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1985\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9468 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar f2_res_change.log\cell Details changes made to the patch from previous versions.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1985\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9468 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar Extras (folder)\cell Map edge data for some of the major Fallout2 Mods.\par
'ScrnSet.msg'  - An example MSG file containing text for the Screen Settings Window.\par
Translations of 'ScrnSet.msg' for other languages.\cell\row 
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\cf0\par
\ul\b\i\fs24 2.Un-installation of older versions of this patch\par
\ulnone\b0\i0\fs20\par
Although not absolutely necessary, the following files should be deleted from your fallout2 installation folder:\par
CH.res, \cf2 FR_GR.res, UK.res, and US.res. (from a very old version)\par
f2_res_patcher.exe (replaced by f2_res_Config.exe)\par
If present the "f2_res" folder should also be deleted, the contents of which are no longer used.\par
\cf0 Any other files listed in the Contents section above can also be deleted.\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\i\fs24 3. Installation\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\ulnone\i0\fs20 Step 1.\tab\i Extract to Fallout2\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\b0 Copy the "Fallout2_High_Resolution_Patch_v4.1.8.exe" to your Fallout2 installation folder. Double-click the "Fallout2_High_Resolution_Patch_v4.1.8.exe" it should extract to your current folder. \par
\ul\i\fs18 Note\ulnone : Windows Vista and above users should have Fallout2 installed somewhere other than "Program Files" due to the restrictions these OSes put on that folder. I personally install my old games under "C:\\Games\\" . \b This is no longer necessary for installing the hi-res patch but is stll recomended\b0 .\par
\ul Note\ulnone : If you have installed a previous version of this patch, you may be asked to overwrite some of the files listed in the Contents section above. Answer YES to overwrite files.\ul\par
\ulnone\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\b\i0\fs20 Step 2.\tab\i Patch "fallout2.exe" to load "f2_res.dll and adjust Display Settings"\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\b0 Double-click the "f2_res_Config.exe" to start the Hi-Res Patch Configuration program. Click the "Enable" button at the bottom of the window to enable the Hi-Res Patch. Then adjust the display settings to your liking clicking the "Done" button to finish. \par
The game is now ready to play. The resolution and other settings can also be adjusted via the in-game "Screen Settings" window, which can be opened by clicking the "Options" button on Fallout's Main-Menu screen.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\b\i\par
\ul\fs24 4. Known Issues\par
\ulnone\b0\i0\fs20\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Resizing the window in Window mode can occasionally cause some graphical glitches, depending on what interface is visible at the time. Most of these are pretty harmless and will reset themselves if you close and reopen the affected interface. e.g. Subtitles can be temporally lost when resizing while playing movies.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 In Direct Draw 7 Mode, switching between fullscreen and windowed via the in game settings can occasionally result in a crash. I'm not sure what the problem is there, but for the DDraw7 Mode it's probably best to use the "F2_res_Config.exe" to switch between fullscreen and windowed. The DirectX 9 mode does not seem to have this issue.\b\i\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\b0\i0 When Alt-Tabbing out of Fullscreen mode the minimized button on the Taskbar can sometimes fail to appear. You can usually return to the game using the Alt-Tab menu.\b\i\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\par
\ul\fs24 5. Troubleshooting\par
\i0\fs20\par
Error: "This application has failed to start because d3dx9_31.dll was not found".\par
Or: Hi-res settings have no effect after installing the hi-res patch. \ulnone\b0\par
This version of the Hi-res patch requires DirectX9 "October 2006 version". Grab the latest DirectX9 redistributable package from Microsoft. Windows 98 users should grab the October 2006 version of the DirectX9 redistributable as I believe that was the last supported version for that OS. \ul\b\par
\par
Fallout2 is not starting after setting the resolution via the in-game menu.\ulnone\b0\par
Run the "f2_res_Config.exe" to try different display settings. Display settings can also be changed manually by editing the "f2_res.ini" with a txt editor, e.g. Notepad.\par
\par
\ul\b The Hi-Res Patch Graphic Mode keeps resetting to 0 "Basic Mode".\ulnone\b0\par
This is probably because you have one of Sfall's graphic modes enabled. To use the Hi-Res Patch Graphic Modes you must first disable Sfall's. Open the "ddraw.ini" with a text editor and under the [Graphics] section set Mode=0.\par
\par
\ul\b For users of Timeslip's Sfall Mod.\ulnone\b0\par
If you have the Sfall's Graphic Mode set to Window or Fullscreen. You should also set the GraphicsWidth and GraphicsHeight greater than or equal to your Hi-res Width and Height. Otherwise Sfall will scale down instead of up, the effect of which is a blurry screen.\par
Also to have movies play correctly using Sfall's Graphic Mode you need to have Sfall version 1.36 or greater.\par
\par
\ul\b The 'Screen Settings' button is not visible when pressing the 'Options' button.\ulnone\b0\par
~Re-run the"f2_res_Config.exe" as in Step 2 of the Installation section above. If the Hi-res patch is installed correctly at the bottom of the window you should see this message "The Hi-Res Patch is Enabled". If not click the "Enable" button to install the Hi-Res Patch.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 Make sure the 'f2_res.dat' data file is in your Fallout2 installation folder. Re-install the patch if it is not.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 If using a non-English version of Fallout2 the menu text may not be installed properly. Copy the 'ScrnSet.msg' file found in the 'Extras' folder to "<\i\fs18 your Fallout2 install folder\i0\fs20 >\\data\\text\\<\i\fs18 your language folder\i0\fs20 >\\game\\".\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\f1\'b7\tab\f0 You may not have the proper DirectX version installed. See the above Troubleshoot:\i  "Error: "This application has failed to start because d3dx9_31.dll was not found"."\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\par
\ul\b\i\fs24 6. Main Config file "f2_res.ini"\par
\par
\ulnone\b0\i0\fs20 This is where your current screen resolution and other settings are stored. Many of the below setting can be adjusted using the "f2_res_Config.exe" or the in-game menu.\par
The "f2_res.ini" file is divided into nine sections MAIN, EFFECTS, HI_RES_PANEL, MOVIES, MAPS, IFACE, MAINMENU, STATIC_SCREENS and OTHER_SETTINGS.\par
\i\fs18 Note: If using Windows Vista/7/8 and above, the active ini may not be the one located in your install directory. To easily find and edit your ini manually, click the "Manually Edit Config" button in the Hi-res Patch f2_res_Config.exe program. See \b User Account Control Compatibility (UAC_AWARE=1) \b0 below for more info\b .\fs20\par
\b0\par
\i0\par
\par
\ul\b\i MAIN\ulnone\b0\i0\par
\par
\b User Account Control Compatibility (UAC_AWARE=1)\par
\b0 Affects Windows Vista/7/8 and above. This setting is only read from the f2_res.ini found in your games install directory. It allows hi-res patch settings to be changed without admin privileges if installed in the "Program Files" directory. When enabled the f2_res.ini is recreated in your user roaming app data folder. For Vista this is usually "C:\\Documents and Settings\\'your user name'\\Application Data\\Fallout2". For Windows 7/8 this is usually "C:\\Users\\'your user name'\\AppData\\Roaming\\Fallout2".\par
Under this folder your f2_res.ini will be located in another folder which is named with a hash code based on the path of your games install directory. This was done to allow multiple installs of fallout2 to have different settings.\par
To easily find and edit your ini manually, click the "Manually Edit Config" button in the Hi-res Patch f2_res_Config.exe program.\par
\par
\b Graphics Mode (GRAPHICS_MODE=1)\par
\b0 There are three graphic modes:\par
GRAPHICS_MODE=0 "Basic mode" Only the fullscreen resolution can be adjusted using this mode, other display settings have no effect. Basic mode is required to use Sfall's graphic modes.\par
GRAPHICS_MODE=1 "Direct Draw 7 mode" Display output rendered using Direct Draw 7.\par
GRAPHICS_MODE=2 "DirectX 9 mode" Display output rendered using DirectX 9.\par
\par
\b 2X Scaling (SCALE_2X=0)\par
\b0 Set to 1 to enable scaling the game to twice the size. May come in handy for large displays. It requires a screen resolution 1280x960 or greater. Windowed mode will require a little more space for the window border.\b\par
\par
Fullscreen Dimensions (SCR_WIDTH = & SCR_HEIGHT =)\par
\b0 Set your custom fullscreen resolution here.\b\par
\b0\par
\b Fullscreen Colours (COLOUR_BITS = 8)\b0\par
Can be set to 8 for 8bit colour (default), 16 for 16bit colour or 32 for 32bit colour output.\par
\b\par
Fullscreen Refresh Rate (REFRESH_RATE=0)\b0\par
Set to 0, the refresh rate is set by the driver. Otherwise set your fullscreen refresh rate here.\par
\b\par
Enable\\Disable Window Mode (WINDOWED=1)\b0\par
Set to 1 to play the game in a resizable window.\par
\b\par
Fullscreen Window Mode (WINDOWED_FULLSCREEN=0)\b0\par
When enabled and \b WINDOWED=1\b0 . Will start fallout in a borderless fullscreen top level window, with resolution and colour settings matching those of your desktop.\par
\b\par
Window Mode Data (WIN_DATA=0)\b0\par
This setting is a block of data relating to window size and position and should not be modified here.\par
\b\par
Hi-res Dat file path (f2_res_dat = f2_res.dat)\b0\par
Sets the location of the Dat file which holds graphic and text resources for the Screen Settings Window as well as map edge data for all original Fallout2 maps.\par
\b\par
Hi-res Dat patch folder path (f2_res_patches=data\\)\b0\par
Sets the location of the patch folder for the Hi-res Dat file.\par
\b\par
\par
\ul\i INPUT\ulnone\b0\i0\par
\b\par
Alternative Mouse Input (ALT_MOUSE_INPUT=0)\b0\par
Set ALT_MOUSE_INPUT=1 to enable the hi-res patches alternative mouse input, which uses windows messages instead of DirectInput. This may help those getting "Failure initializing input devices" errors on game start. It also has extra options for the mouse middle button and scroll wheel.\par
\b\par
Fix for "NOT RESPONDING" error in Windowed Mode (EXTRA_WIN_MSG_CHECKS=0)\b0\par
When enabled, adds extra windows message checks to several loops during combat and in fade effects. This setting is always enabled if ALT_MOUSE_INPUT=1.\par
\ul\i\fs18 Note\ulnone : This error has only been seen in Fallout1, so is disabled by default for Fallout2.\i0\fs20\par
\b\par
Mouse Wheel Default Focus (SCROLLWHEEL_FOCUS_PRIMARY_MENU=1)\b0\par
When enabled and accessing the inventory, barter, loot screens etc.  Mouse wheel control will default to the Player Character's item list unless the cursor is hovering over another list.\par
\b\par
\par
\ul\i EFFECTS\ulnone\b0\i0\par
\par
\b Black and White TV Mode (IS_GRAY_SCALE=0)\b0\par
Play the game without colour. This was Pixote's wacky idea, to give the game that 1950's feel. To enable set to 1.\par
\par
\b\par
\ul\i HI_RES_PANEL\ulnone\b0\i0\par
\par
\b Display List Descending/Ascending (DISPLAY_LIST_DESCENDING = 1)\b0\par
Here you can set the order of the resolution list in the Screen Settings Window. Descending order by default.\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\i MOVIES\ulnone\b0\i0\par
\par
\b Movie Size (MOVIE_SIZE = 1)\b0\par
Here you can set how the movies are displayed.\par
If set to 0, Movie will display at its original size.\par
If set to 1, Movie will stretch to fit the screen while maintaining its aspect ratio.\par
If set to 2, Movie will stretch to fill the screen.\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\i MAPS\par
\ulnone\i0\par
Enable\\Disable Edge Clipping (EDGE_CLIPPING_ON=1)\par
\b0 Set to 1 (On by default). This setting clips the area beyond scroll edges when the screen resolution is greater than the map being viewed. Set to 0 to disable. \par
\b\par
Ignore Map Edges (IGNORE_MAP_EDGES = 0)\par
\b0 Set to 0 (Off by default). If set to 1(On) this setting ignores the map edges preventing you scrolling outside the playable area of a map. \par
\par
\b Ignore Player Scroll Limits (IGNORE_PLAYER_SCROLL_LIMITS= 0)\par
\b0 Set to 0 (Off by default). If set to 1(On) this setting ignores the scroll limits from the player set below by the variables SCROLL_DIST_X and SCROLL_DIST_Y.\par
\par
\b Player Scroll Distance (SCROLL_DIST_X & SCROLL_DIST_Y)\b0\par
By default the scroll distance from the player is set to the\i  \ul screen edge + 1 tile\ulnone  \i0 in both directions. Setting a distance less than the screen edge can cause problems.\par
\par
\b Path Finding Range  (NumPathNodes = 1)\b0\par
Extends the path finding range by increasing the number of nodes used for plotting the path. The number of nodes equals the value of "NumPathNodes" multiplied by 2000. e.g. 1=2000(original), 2=4000, 3=6000 ..etc. up to 20=40000(max).\par
Each block of 2000 nodes requires an additional 160000 bytes (156.25 KB) of memory, with the maximum of 40000 nodes requiring 3200000 bytes (3125 KB).\par
\par
\b Enable\\Disable Fog Of War (FOG_OF_WAR=0)\par
\b0 Set to 1 to enable the Fog Of War Mod. This option darkens scenery, walls and floor tiles on the area of a map not yet seen by the Player Character. It completely hide all other objects until discovery, with NPCs only visible when in line of sight of the Player Character. It also prevents the mouse "look at" function from seeing undiscovered stuff.\par
This option is best enabled before entering a map for the first time as it uses the object discovery flags already built into the game for displaying stuff on the local map viewer. Enabling this after entering a map will look weird, as discovered objects will be visible while the floor tiles below them will still appear darkened.\par
\par
\b Adjust the Fog Of War light level (FOG_OF_WAR=4)\par
\b0 Adjust how dark the fog appears. Light level ranges between 1-10 with 1 being the darkest. Setting this to 0 will display everything at normal light level and allow undiscovered scenery and walls to respond to the mouse "look at" function. All other objects will remain invisible until discovered by the Player Character.\par
\par
\ul\b\i IFACE\par
\ulnone\b0\i0\par
\b Height of the Viewable Map Area (IFACE_BAR_MODE = 0)\b0\par
By default the Viewable Map Area will sit above the Interface-Bar. Setting to 1 will lower the bottom of the Viewable Area to the bottom of the screen. Side bar graphics will be disabled in this mode.\par
\par
\b Interface-Bar Side-Bar Graphics Art (IFACE_BAR_SIDE_ART = 2)\par
\b0 Sets which optional art is used to fill the spaces either side of the Interface-bar.\par
Options are:\par
Set to 2 (default) for the Leather Pipboy Belt art created by me.\par
Set to 1 for the Corroded Metal art created by Simon Rawlins(Pixote).\b\par
\b0 Set to 0 for no side-bar art (Black).\b\par
\b0\par
\b Interface-Bar Side-Bar Graphics Orientation(IFACE_BAR_SIDE_ORI = 2)\b0\par
If set to 2 the Interface-bar side graphics extend from the Interface-bar and are cut off where they meet the Screen edges.\par
If set to 1 the Interface-bar side graphics extend from the Screen edges and are cut off where they meet the Interface-Bar.\par
\par
\b Interface-Bar Width(IFACE_BAR_WIDTH = 800)\b0\par
If set greater than 640, the Interface-bar will be widened to the set value allowing for a larger area to display game messages. If new Interface-bar art exists with a name matching the new width, this art will be used in place of the original. If no new art is found the original art will be stretched to fit the new width. Replacement Interface-bar art uses the naming scheme "HR_IFACE_800.FRM" where 800 is the width of the new art. This new art should be placed in your Fallout2 data folder under "\\art\\intrface\\".\par
\par
\i\fs18 Note1: As the Chinese Interface-bar art differs from other version of Fallout2 the naming scheme used in that case is "HR_IFACE_CHI_800.FRM".\i0\fs20\par
\i\fs18 Note2: New art (Created by Continuum) at a width of 800 pixels for both regular and Chinese versions has been included in the patch within the "f2_res.dat" file.\i0\fs20\par
\par
\b Interface-Bar Alternate Ammo Metre(ALTERNATE_AMMO_METRE = 0)\b0\par
Set to 1 or above to enable an alternate ammo metre. More info available in the "f2_res.ini" file. This was created for a bit of fun and may change in future versions of this patch.\par
\par
\ul\b\i MAINMENU\ulnone\b0\i0\par
\par
\b Main-Menu Size (MAIN_MENU_SIZE=1)\par
\b0 Here you can set how the Main-menu is displayed.\b\par
\b0 If set to 0, Main-menu image will display at its original size.\par
If set to 1, Main-menu image will stretch to fit the screen while maintaining its aspect ratio.\par
If set to 2, Main-menu image will stretch to fill the screen.\par
\par
\b Use Hi-res Images (USE_HIRES_IMAGES=1)\par
\b0 If set to 1, Hi-res background and menu images are used instead of the original art.\par
\par
\b Scale Button And Menu Text (SCALE_BUTTONS_AND_TEXT_MENU=1)\par
\b0 If set to 1, Main-menu buttons and text are scaled along with the background images.\par
\par
\b Menu Background Offsets (MENU_BG_OFFSET_X=-14 & MENU_BG_OFFSET_Y=-4)\par
\b0 These settings hold the position of the menu background art relative to the top button of the menu.\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\i STATIC_SCREENS\ulnone\b0\i0\par
\par
\b DEATH_SCRN_SIZE=1\par
END_SLIDE_SIZE=1\par
HELP_SCRN_SIZE=1\par
SPLASH_SCRN_SIZE=1\b0\par
Set how various static screen are displayed.\b\par
\b0 If set to 0, Screen image will display at its original size.\par
If set to 1, Screen image will stretch to fit the screen while maintaining its aspect ratio.\par
If set to 2, Screen image will stretch to fill the screen.\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\i OTHER_SETTINGS\ulnone\b0\i0\par
\par
\b CD-ROM Check (CD_CHECK = 0)\par
\b0 Set to 0 (skip CD check) by default. Affects the UK, French & German versions only. This setting skips checking for the fallout2 CD-ROM when loading. Can be re-enabled by setting CD_CHECK to 1.\par
\par
\b Dialog Screen Background (DIALOG_SCRN_BACKGROUND = 0)\par
\b0 When set to 1 this setting hides the Map and Iface-bar while viewing the Dialog Screen.\par
\par
\b Enable\\Disable Modified Dialog Screen Art (DIALOG_SCRN_ART_FIX=1)\par
\b0 Enabled by default. This setting enables art which adds a nice border around the dialog screen. Making it look better on a hi-res screen. The new art was created by Continuum.\par
\par
\b Splash Screen Display Time (SPLASH_SCRN_TIME = 0)\par
\b0 Increases the length of time (in seconds) the splash screen is displayed.\par
\par
\b CPU Usage Fix (CPU_USAGE_FIX=0)\par
\b0 When set to 1 this setting releases the CPU for other Windows tasks allowing the system to go idle when not in use. This setting should not be enabled if Sfalls "ProcessorIdle" setting is also enabled as this will likely cause slowdowns.\par
\par
\b Adjust Drop Zone For PC Inventory When Bartering (BARTER_PC_INV_DROP_FIX=1)\par
\b0 The mouse drop zone (the area you can drop stuff back into your inventory from the trade table) doesn't match up visually with The PC's inventory, it's to far to the left. This fix shift this zone a little to the right 20 pixels.\par
\par
\b Transitional Fade Effect Time Length Modifier (FADE_TIME_MODIFIER=60)\par
\b0 60 is the original value, decreasing this value will shorten the length of time fade effects are displayed, increasing this value will lengthen the time.\par
\par
\b Enable\\Disable Transitional Fade Effect Time Recalculation (FADE_TIME_RECALCULATE_ON_FADE=0)\par
\b0 The length of time transitional fade effects are displayed is dependent on both your computer system and choosen resolution. In vanilla fallout, fade time is calulated once at game start, with the hi-res patch fade time is also recalculated at in-game resolution change. On occasion I've noticed fade time to be calulated incorrectly resulting in unusually long fade effects. By enabling this setting fade time length will be recalculated before each transition, hopfully resulting in a more consistant experience. \par
\par
\par
\ul\b\i\fs24 7. Map edges\par
\ulnone\b0\i0\fs20\par
The original scroll blockers were never designed to work at higher resolutions. So my solution in the end was to disable the original blockers and replace them with my own which I refer to here as \b\i map edges\b0\i0 . Map edge data files for all original Fallout2 maps have been packaged with-in the "f2_res.dat" file for easy installation. I've also included map edge data for Killap's Restoration Project V2.1.2b and MIB88's Mega Mod V2.43. New map edge data files can be created with the BIS Mapper using the Mapper2 Hi-res Patch (Version 3.0+). Map edge files are attributed with the extension ".edg" and are located in the same folder as the maps which use them. This will usually be in the Fallout2 install folder under "data\\maps".\par
\par
\b Map edge file details\par
\b0 As of version 3.0 of the Hi-res Patch, map edge data is stored in a binary file the internal structure is as follows:\par
\par
Te first 8 bytes contain a simple header.\par
Size in Bytes\tab\tab Value\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1985\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9468 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\cf2 0x4\cell File Identifier in ASCII Text  = "EDGE"\cf0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1985\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9468 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\cf2 0x4\cell 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\tx431\tx1584 Edge File Version Number = 1\cell\row 
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf0\par
This is followed by a series data blocks containing the map edge data.\par
Size in Bytes\tab\tab Value\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1985\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9468 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\cf2 0x4\cell Level 0-2\cf0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1985\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9468 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\cf2 0x4\cell 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\tx431\tx1584 A map hex tile position lying on the Left edge.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1985\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9468 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar 0x4\cell 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\tx431\tx1584 A map hex tile position lying on the Top edge.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1985\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9468 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar 0x4\cell 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\tx431\tx1584 A map hex tile position lying on the Right edge.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1985\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9468 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar 0x4\cell 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\tx431\tx1584 A map hex tile position lying on the Bottom edge.\cell\row 
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf0\par
Each level can have multiple edge data blocks, with all map levels having at least one.\par
\par
\b Edge file version 2\par
\b0 The first block for each level of a version 2 edge file contains additional info for angled edge clipping. Angled clipping does not effect scroll blocking and is used primarily to clean up the fringes of original fallout maps. This block is structured as followed:\par
Size in Bytes\tab\tab Value\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1985\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9468 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\cf2 0x4\cell Level 0-2\cf0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1985\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9468 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\cf2 0x4\cell 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\tx431\tx1584 0-99 - x tile coordinate for the Left \ul\b Angled\ulnone\b0  edge.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1985\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9468 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar 0x4\cell 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\tx431\tx1584 0-99 - y tile coordinate for the Top \ul\b Angled\ulnone\b0  edge.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1985\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9468 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar 0x4\cell 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\tx431\tx1584 0-99 - x tile coordinate for the Right \ul\b Angled\ulnone\b0  edge.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1985\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9468 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar 0x4\cell 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\tx431\tx1584 0-99 - y tile coordinate for the Bottom \ul\b Angled\ulnone\b0  edge.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1985\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9468 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar 0x4\cell 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\tx431\tx1584 Angled Flags 1 byte for each edge. Equals 0 for lower object clipping or 1 for all object clipping. \cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1985\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9468 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar 0x4\cell 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\tx431\tx1584 A map hex tile position lying on the Left edge.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1985\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9468 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar 0x4\cell 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\tx431\tx1584 A map hex tile position lying on the Top edge.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1985\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9468 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar 0x4\cell 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\tx431\tx1584 A map hex tile position lying on the Right edge.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108\trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf2 \trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx1985\clbrdrl\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrt\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrr\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2\clbrdrb\brdrw10\brdrs\brdrcf2 \cellx9468 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar 0x4\cell 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\tx431\tx1584 A map hex tile position lying on the Bottom edge.\cell\row 
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf0 Any subsequent edge blocks for each level will equal the original layout.\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\i\fs24 8. Custom Art\ulnone\b0\i0\fs20\par
In this section "data\\" refers to the Fallout2 patch folder \cf2 usually \cf0 located in your Fallout2 Install directory.\par
\b\par
Splash Screen\par
\b0 With version 3.0 you can now load 8 Bit BMP images as splash screens. These can be of any size or shape(within reason) and have the same naming scheme as their RIX counterparts. If a BMP has the same name as a RIX than it will be shown instead.New splash screens should be placed under "data\\art\\splash\\". For non english versions this may be "data\\art\\<\i your language\i0 >\\splash\\".\b\par
\par
Main-menu\b0\par
To replace the Main-menu background with a higher resolution image. Save your new FRM with the name "HR_MAINMENU.FRM" and copy it to "data\\art\\intrface". This FRM can be of any size and shape(within reason).\i\par
\i0 The "f2_res.dat" file already contains a higher resolution version of the original art at 1024x768.\par
 \par
\b Iface-bar Side Art\par
\b0 There are two sets of Side-bar art included in the "f2_res.dat". These are named "HR_IFACELFT1.FRM" and "HR_IFACERHT1.FRM" for the first set and "HR_IFACELFT2.FRM" and "HR_IFACERHT2.FRM" for the second. These can be replaced or added to by incrementing the number used in the FRM name. Copy your new art to "data\\art\\intrface". \par
\par
Here's a list of art used by Hi-res Patch, which is located in the "f2_res.dat"file. Mod makers feel free to replace or modify them for your own needs. \par
\par
HR_ALLTLK.FRM\tab\tab\i ~Bordered Dialog Screen art (by Continuum)\i0\par
HR_IFACE_800.FRM\tab\tab\i ~Interface Bar Art 800 pixels wide (by Continuum)\i0\par
HR_IFACE_CHI_800.FRM\tab\i ~Interface Bar Art 800 pixels wide Chinese (by Continuum)\i0\par
HR_IFACELFT1.FRM\tab\tab\i ~Interface Side Art left 1\i0\par
HR_IFACELFT2.FRM\tab\tab\i ~Interface Side Art right 1\i0\par
HR_IFACERHT1.FRM\tab\tab\i ~Interface Side Art left 2\i0\par
HR_IFACERHT2.FRM\tab\tab\i ~Interface Side Art right 2\i0\par
HR_IFACE_SELECT.FRM\tab\i ~Screen Settings iface sides select\i0\par
HR_MAINMENU.FRM\tab\tab\i ~Main-menu Hi-Res background\i0\par
HR_MENU_BG.FRM\tab\tab\i ~Main-menu Menu background\i0\par
HR_MENU_BG_CHI.FRM\tab\i ~Main-menu Menu background (Chinese)\i0\par
HR_OPTIONS_BG.FRM\tab\i ~Options Menu background\i0\par
HR_OPTIONS_DN.FRM\tab\i ~Options Menu button up\i0\par
HR_OPTIONS_UP.FRM\tab\i ~Options Menu button down\i0\par
HR_SCRN_BG.FRM\tab\tab\i ~Screen Settings Win Art\i0\par
\par
\par
\par
\ul\b\i\fs24 9. Thanks\par
\par

\pard\ulnone\b0\i0\fs20 First I'd like to thank all the good people at "No Mutants Allowed" {\i{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.nma-fallout.com/ }}{\fldrslt{http://www.nma-fallout.com/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20  for hosting this patch, and for keeping the mutants at bay for all these years.\par
\par
I'd also like to thank Timeslip {\i{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://timeslip.users.sourceforge.net/ }}{\fldrslt{http://timeslip.users.sourceforge.net/\ul0\cf0}}}}\i\f0\fs20  for being extremely prompt at modifying his fantastic patch "Sfall" to work with mine. Sfall also made it possible to test a far wider range of resolutions via scaling that my LCD monitor was otherwise unable to support.\par
\par
I'd also like to thank the people who provided me with info and feed back for the currently supported versions of fallout 2. Some of these include :  Leephoenixtree (Chinese version), DimiZ (Lev Corp version), Berserk and Csimbi (White Lable versions), Drobovik(1C & Fargus).\par
\par
And of course to everyone in the forums who provided support and constructive criticism - Thanks :) \ul\par
\par
\par
\b\fs24 10. Contributors\par
\ulnone\b0\i0\fs20\par
\b gvx\b0  (NMA forum member)\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720 Translated "ScrnSet.msg" for Chinese users.\b\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar Drobovik\b0  (NMA forum member)\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720 Translated "ScrnSet.msg" for Russian users.\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\b Continuum\b0  (NMA forum member)\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720 Created the wider Interface-bar art for both the regular and Chinese versions.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Created the bordered Dialog Screen art.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\b Simon Rawlins\b0 (Pixote).\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720 Created the Metal looking side-bar art.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Compiled together many of the custom map-edge data files.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\b Helios\b0  (NMA forum member)\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720 Fixed a problem when using the Hi-res Patch with the Mr.Fixit mod (regarding the maximum Y position).\par

\pard{\*\pn\pnlvlcont\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\b Weak-ling\b0  (NMA forum member)\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720 Discovered a fix to display the General NPC Picture in the Dialog Panel.\par

\pard\b Nirran\b0  (NMA forum member) {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.nirran.com/ }}{\fldrslt{http://www.nirran.com/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720 Compiled the original custom map-edge data for the MegaMod v2.42\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 